docs: add DEP docs (#567)
medibloc/panacea-core: .gitbook/5-oracles/1-operate-oracle-nodes/5-running-oracle-node.md

Oracle provides a REST API to get data accessibility to the data consumer.

After the `submit-consent` transaction succeeds in Panacea, the oracle transmits a secret key that enables data access to the data consumer.
The detailed process is as follows:
1. Check the address of the data consumer who is requesting data access with JWT
2. Check if the requesting consumer is the owner of the `deal` 
3. Check if the `submit-consent` transaction is present and successful 
4. Make `encrypted secret key` using `consumer public key`
5. Respond with `encrypted secret key` to the data consumer

The data consumer can obtain the `secret key` through his/her `private key`, and can decrypt data from `IPFS`.

### Validate and approve registration/upgrade requests of other oracles

The oracle subscribes to `registration/upgrade` events from Panacea.

When another oracle sends a `registration/upgrade`, the running oracle do verifications by checking if:
- a correct version of the oracle binary is used
- the oracle is running inside an enclave
- the `Node Key` is generated inside the enclave
- the trusted block information is valid
- the oracle is registered (at upgrade requests)

> When the `registration/upgrade` is verified successfully, the racle send a transaction for approval of the oracle `registration/upgrade`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `registration/upgrade` is verified successfully, the oracle send a transaction for approval of the oracle `registration/upgrade`.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the `registration/upgrade` is verified successfully, the oracle sends a transaction for approval of the oracle `registration/upgrade`.
```
